docs: add guide for ads not showing (#71)
invertase/react-native-google-mobile-ads: docs/common-reasons-for-ads-not-showing.mdx

Alternatively, you can enable test devices and use your own ad unit IDs instead.

### Enable test devices

If you want to do more rigorous testing with production-looking ads, you can now configure your device as a test device and use your own ad unit IDs that you've created in the AdMob UI.
Test devices can either be added in the AdMob UI or programmatically using the Google Mobile Ads SDK.

Follow the steps below to add your device as a test device.

#### Add your test device in the AdMob UI
For a simple, non-programmatic way to add a test device and test new or existing app builds, use the AdMob UI.
[Learn how](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9691433).

#### Add your test device programmatically

If you want to test ads in your app as you're developing, follow the steps below to programmatically register your test device.

```js
import mobileAds from 'react-native-google-mobile-ads';

mobileAds()
  .setRequestConfiguration({
    // An array of test device IDs to whitelist.
    testDeviceIdentifiers: ["EMULATOR"]
  })
  .then(() => {
    // Request config successfully set!
  });
```

## Emulator vs real device

> In some cases ads won't show up on an emulator but will show up while testing on a real device.

Reviewer: Also in some cases a _real_ ad with "This is a test ad" label will show on top of the screen on an emulater, but the label won't show on a real device.

Author: If the test ad label is not shown, it's either a real Google ad or one that comes from mediation.

Reviewer: Yes, sometimes it is a real ad but it still has the test label - on an emulator. So make sure to test on real device as well (might be good to point this out)

# Common reasons for ads not showing

Use the following guide to understand common reasons why apps show few or no ads.

## Did you recently create your AdMob account?

> Wait up to 24 hours after you create your account.
> When you first sign up for AdMob, your account is reviewed before it’s approved.
> This typically takes up to 24 hours, but in rare cases can take up to 2 weeks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your account must be approved before ad requests will succeed.
When you first sign up for AdMob, your account is reviewed before it’s approved.
This typically takes less than 24 hours, but in rare cases can take up to 2 weeks.
```

> You’ll be notified via email if your account is not approved by AdMob.  

Reviewer 2: Are you also notified if you are approved? Stated differently, are you notified either way? If you are notified either way, then it should read "You'll be notified of approval or rejection via email after review". If you are only notified on rejection then it should be something like "Check your account dashboard (if that exists? No idea, where ever you would check) to see if you are approved. If you are rejected you will be notified via email"

Author: Please note that I took most texts from Google Answers: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9469204

## Is your app or ad unit new?

> Wait up to one hour after you create an app or ad unit.
> In some cases, it can take a few days for ads to appear in new apps or ad units.
> Note: New iOS apps will not show Google ads until they’re listed in the Apple App Store.
> Newly registered apps and newly created ad units typically take up to an hour to activate.
> Because of this, you may not see live impressions immediately.

Reviewer 2: Is the phrase "live impressions" the same as "ads"? Just curious, I'm not familiar with the terminology they use in upstream documentation

```suggestion
New apps and ad units do not show live impressions immediately.
Here are common reasons you may not be receiving live impressions:
- It usually takes at least an hour after you create an app or ad unit
- In some cases **(what cases?)**, it can take a few days for ads to appear in new apps or ad units
- New iOS apps will not show Google ads until they’re listed in the Apple App Store.
```

Author: Impressions are how many times your ads are viewed by different users.

## Test ads not showing up

> If you set up an app-ads.txt file for your app, you need to also include this line in your app-ads.txt file in order to load ads using the demo ad units:

Reviewer 2: You linked to the upstream app ads documentation for ios and android before, I think it would be great to include the link here.

More broadly - any links to upstream documentation in any of the sections are a positive I think. Documentation is always changing but between the guidance here (which may go out of date, it will probably happen) and links to upstream (which may break, but hopefully not quickly) people should be able to connect the information they need until documentation updates happen. It will add to resiliency and help users be more resourceful I think

`google.com, pub-3940256099942544, DIRECT, f08c47fec0942fa0`

Alternatively, you can enable test devices and use your own ad unit IDs instead.

### Enable test devices

> If you want to do more rigorous testing with production-looking ads, you can now configure your device as a test device and use your own ad unit IDs that you've created in the AdMob UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to do more rigorous testing with production-looking ads, configure your device as a test device and use your own ad unit IDs that you've created in the AdMob UI.
```

Test devices can either be added in the AdMob UI or programmatically using the Google Mobile Ads SDK.

Follow the steps below to add your device as a test device.

#### Add your test device in the AdMob UI
For a simple, non-programmatic way to add a test device and test new or existing app builds, use the AdMob UI.
[Learn how](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9691433).

#### Add your test device programmatically

> If you want to test ads in your app as you're developing, follow the steps below to programmatically register your test device.

Reviewer 2: How do you get those IDs? It would be good to add a quick explanation (I believe it is in adb logcat and Xcode console when you have a real device plugged in?) plus point to upstream documentation

```js
import mobileAds from 'react-native-google-mobile-ads';

mobileAds()
  .setRequestConfiguration({

>     // An array of test device IDs to whitelist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // An array of test device IDs to add to the allow list.
```
